src/render/meetup-at-mvp-summit-2016/index.html.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: MS Dev Show Meetup at the MVP Summit
enablePageComments: false 
---

![Microsoft MVP Logo](MVP.png)

#### WHO?

You! MVPs! Microsoft Employees! Tech Enthusiasts! And anyone else you feel like inviting. We will be recording an episode of the [MS Dev Show](http:// msdevshow.com) with [James Whittacker](https://news.microsoft.com/stories/people/james-whittaker.html). We've even confirmed that [Dona Sarkar](https://news.microsoft.com/stories/people/dona-sarkar.html) there to representing all of the Windows Insiders. We've invited a lot more cool people too, so show up, who knows who you'll bump in to?

#### WHAT?

Yes! We're throwing a huge shindig at [Boardwalk in the Microsoft Commons](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Boardwalk+by+Maria+Hines/@47.6440536,-122.1381852,20z/data=!4m12!1m6!3m5!1s0x0:0x27c3343b0b6b0f42!2sMicrosoft+-+The+Commons!8m2!3d47.6445161!4d-122.1368122!3m4!1s0x0:0x8715af0123d18289!8m2!3d47.644096!4d-122.1378361). We love mingling with our listeners and can't wait to meet you. Oh yeah, there will be a *band* too.

#### WHEN?

Be there between 6 and 10pm on Saturday Nov 5th.

#### WHERE?

We will be meeting at the [Boardwalk Restaurant in the Microsoft Commons](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Microsoft+-+The+Commons/@47.6444963,-122.1389577,17z/data=!4m8!1m2!2m1!1s%09+boardwalk+15251+NE+40th+St,+%23B98+Redmond,+Washington+98052!3m4!1s0x0:0x27c3343b0b6b0f42!8m2!3d47.6445161!4d-122.1368122). They have plenty of room for tons of people, so share the word!

#### WHY?

Why not? We'll be there anyways, and want to meet you, our listeners! So bring your friends, co-workers and significant others. It's going to be a blast!

-----------------------------

##### Sponsors

These kind of events are fun, but to have a *LOT* of fun, we need sponsors. Please thank folks from the kind companies below.

*[Concurrency](http://www.concurrency.com/)* - Concurrency is an award-winning IT consulting agency that envisions, architects, and integrates across all Microsoft enterprise platforms to bring business value to our customers. Clients choose us for our team approach, top talent, and business value. [Join](http://www.concurrency.com/why-concurrency/careers) out team!

Commit message:

Added some more clarification about the event

src/render/meetup-at-mvp-summit-2016/index.html.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: MS Dev Show Meetup at the MVP Summit
enablePageComments: false 
---

![Microsoft MVP Logo](MVP.png)

#### WHO?

You! MVPs! Microsoft Employees! Tech Enthusiasts! And anyone else you feel like inviting. We will be recording an episode of the [MS Dev Show](http:// msdevshow.com) with [James Whittacker](https://news.microsoft.com/stories/people/james-whittaker.html). We've even confirmed that [Dona Sarkar](https://news.microsoft.com/stories/people/dona-sarkar.html) there to representing all of the Windows Insiders. We've invited a lot more cool people too, so show up, who knows who you'll bump in to?

#### WHAT?

Yes! We're throwing a huge shindig at [Boardwalk in the Microsoft Commons](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Boardwalk+by+Maria+Hines/@47.6440536,-122.1381852,20z/data=!4m12!1m6!3m5!1s0x0:0x27c3343b0b6b0f42!2sMicrosoft+-+The+Commons!8m2!3d47.6445161!4d-122.1368122!3m4!1s0x0:0x8715af0123d18289!8m2!3d47.644096!4d-122.1378361). We love mingling with our listeners and can't wait to meet you. Oh yeah, there will be a *band* too.

There is ***no need to RSVP***, we're not making you sign up or anything else. This is an absolutely free event. We want you to be there, and we want to make this as easy on you as possible. 

#### WHEN?

Be there between 6 and 10pm on Saturday Nov 5th.

#### WHERE?

We will be meeting at the [Boardwalk Restaurant in the Microsoft Commons](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Microsoft+-+The+Commons/@47.6444963,-122.1389577,17z/data=!4m8!1m2!2m1!1s%09+boardwalk+15251+NE+40th+St,+%23B98+Redmond,+Washington+98052!3m4!1s0x0:0x27c3343b0b6b0f42!8m2!3d47.6445161!4d-122.1368122). They have plenty of room for tons of people, so share the word!

#### WHY?

Why not? We'll be there anyways, and want to meet you, our listeners! So bring your friends, co-workers and significant others. It's going to be a blast!

-----------------------------

##### Sponsors

These kind of events are fun, but to have a *LOT* of fun, we need sponsors. Please thank folks from the kind companies below.

*[Concurrency](http://www.concurrency.com/)* - Concurrency is an award-winning IT consulting agency that envisions, architects, and integrates across all Microsoft enterprise platforms to bring business value to our customers. Clients choose us for our team approach, top talent, and business value. [Join](http://www.concurrency.com/why-concurrency/careers) out team!
