src/render/2015/09/all-things-sql-with-neeraj-joshi/index.html.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: All Things SQL
guest: Neeraj Joshi
guestImage: neeraj-joshi.jpg
date: 2015-09-05
audioUrl: http://traffic.libsyn.com/msdevshow/msdevshow_0071.mp3
ignored: true
---

###News

 - [JetBrains Toolbox, easier access to your coding tools, more control and flexibility, and a lower entry price](http://blog.jetbrains.com/blog/2015/09/03/introducing-jetbrains-toolbox/)
  - [How JetBrains Lost Years of Customer Loyalty in Just a Few Hours](http://bytecrafter.blogspot.com/2015/09/how-jetbrains-lost-years-of-customer.html)
 - [TypeScript 1.6 Beta: React/JSX, better error checking, and more](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/typescript/archive/2015/09/02/announcing-typescript-1-6-beta-react-jsx-better-error-checking-and-more.aspx)
 - [Your OS Sucks](https://m.facebook.com/notes/10153643564654427/)
 - [Make it rain, every time you get paid!](https://github.com/fitztrev/make-it-rain)
 - [How to Onboard Software Engineers](http://blog.fogcreek.com/how-to-onboard-software-engineers-interview-with-kate-heddleston/)
 - Carl and Jason were interviewed at [ThatConference](http://thatconference.com) by [David Giard](http://twitter.com/davidgiard) for the video podcast [Technology and Friends](http://technologyandfriends.com), check them out at Channel9!
  - [Episode 382: Jason Young on IoT, Microsoft Band, and PowerPoint](https://channel9.msdn.com/Blogs/Technology-and-Friends/tf382)
  - [Episode 383: Carl Schweitzer on the Universal App Platform](https://channel9.msdn.com/Blogs/Technology-and-Friends/tf383)
 

###Neeraj Joshi

Neeraj Joshi is a Principal Program Manager on the DX/TED team at Microsoft. He has been at Microsoft over 14 years, he focuses on all things SQL, and is also a father of 3.

- [Igor's Blog](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/igorpag/)
- [Books Online for SQL Server 2016](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms130214.aspx)

-----------------------------------------

 - [SQL Server 2016](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/server-cloud/products/sql-server-2016/)
 - [Azure SQL Database](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/sql-database/)
 - [Hekaton in 1000 Words](https://www.simple-talk.com/sql/database-administration/hekaton-in-1000-words/)
 - [Polybase](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/Mt143171.aspx)
 - [DocumentDB](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/documentdb/)
 - [Playground](http://www.documentdb.com/sql/demo)
 - [Operational Analytics](https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/Data-Exposed/SQL-Server-2016-Operational-Analytics)
 - [Query Store: A flight data recorder for your database](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/query-store-a-flight-data-recorder-for-your-database/)
 - [Temporal Tables](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/Dn935015.aspx)
 - [Row Level Security](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/Dn765131.aspx)
 - [Dynamic Data Masking](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/sql-database-dynamic-data-masking-get-started/)
 - [Always Encrypted](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/Mt163865.aspx)
 - [Stretch Database](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/Dn935011.aspx)
 - [SQL Server Backup and Restore with Microsoft Azure Blob Storage Service](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/JJ919148.aspx)

###Azure pick of the week

 - [Boot Diagnostics for Virtual Machines v2](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/boot-diagnostics-for-virtual-machines-v2/)

###Dev Tip of the Week

 - [.NET Native – What it means for Universal Windows Platform (UWP) developers](https://blogs.windows.com/buildingapps/2015/08/20/net-native-what-it-means-for-universal-windows-platform-uwp-developers/)

Commit message:

Added Show topic voting link

src/render/2015/09/all-things-sql-with-neeraj-joshi/index.html.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: All Things SQL
guest: Neeraj Joshi
guestImage: neeraj-joshi.jpg
date: 2015-09-05
audioUrl: http://traffic.libsyn.com/msdevshow/msdevshow_0071.mp3
ignored: true
---

###News

 - [JetBrains Toolbox, easier access to your coding tools, more control and flexibility, and a lower entry price](http://blog.jetbrains.com/blog/2015/09/03/introducing-jetbrains-toolbox/)
  - [How JetBrains Lost Years of Customer Loyalty in Just a Few Hours](http://bytecrafter.blogspot.com/2015/09/how-jetbrains-lost-years-of-customer.html)
 - [TypeScript 1.6 Beta: React/JSX, better error checking, and more](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/typescript/archive/2015/09/02/announcing-typescript-1-6-beta-react-jsx-better-error-checking-and-more.aspx)
 - [Your OS Sucks](https://m.facebook.com/notes/10153643564654427/)
 - [Make it rain, every time you get paid!](https://github.com/fitztrev/make-it-rain)
 - [How to Onboard Software Engineers](http://blog.fogcreek.com/how-to-onboard-software-engineers-interview-with-kate-heddleston/)
 - Carl and Jason were interviewed at [ThatConference](http://thatconference.com) by [David Giard](http://twitter.com/davidgiard) for the video podcast [Technology and Friends](http://technologyandfriends.com), check them out at Channel9!
  - [Episode 382: Jason Young on IoT, Microsoft Band, and PowerPoint](https://channel9.msdn.com/Blogs/Technology-and-Friends/tf382)
  - [Episode 383: Carl Schweitzer on the Universal App Platform](https://channel9.msdn.com/Blogs/Technology-and-Friends/tf383)

Remember, you too can help decide who we interview! If you have a topic or person you'd like to suggest message, email, or tweet us. To vote on topics in the queue and get them prioritized, use our [Show Topic Voting](http://msdv.sh/showtopicvoting) link!

###Neeraj Joshi

Neeraj Joshi is a Principal Program Manager on the DX/TED team at Microsoft. He has been at Microsoft over 14 years, he focuses on all things SQL, and is also a father of 3.

- [Igor's Blog](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/igorpag/)
- [Books Online for SQL Server 2016](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms130214.aspx)

-----------------------------------------

 - [SQL Server 2016](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/server-cloud/products/sql-server-2016/)
 - [Azure SQL Database](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/sql-database/)
 - [Hekaton in 1000 Words](https://www.simple-talk.com/sql/database-administration/hekaton-in-1000-words/)
 - [Polybase](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/Mt143171.aspx)
 - [DocumentDB](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/documentdb/)
 - [Playground](http://www.documentdb.com/sql/demo)
 - [Operational Analytics](https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/Data-Exposed/SQL-Server-2016-Operational-Analytics)
 - [Query Store: A flight data recorder for your database](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/query-store-a-flight-data-recorder-for-your-database/)
 - [Temporal Tables](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/Dn935015.aspx)
 - [Row Level Security](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/Dn765131.aspx)
 - [Dynamic Data Masking](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/sql-database-dynamic-data-masking-get-started/)
 - [Always Encrypted](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/Mt163865.aspx)
 - [Stretch Database](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/Dn935011.aspx)
 - [SQL Server Backup and Restore with Microsoft Azure Blob Storage Service](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/JJ919148.aspx)

###Azure pick of the week

 - [Boot Diagnostics for Virtual Machines v2](http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/boot-diagnostics-for-virtual-machines-v2/)

###Dev Tip of the Week

 - [.NET Native – What it means for Universal Windows Platform (UWP) developers](https://blogs.windows.com/buildingapps/2015/08/20/net-native-what-it-means-for-universal-windows-platform-uwp-developers/)
