src/render/2015/08/live-from-that-conference/index.html.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: Live from That Conference
date: 2015-08-14
audioUrl: http://traffic.libsyn.com/msdevshow/msdevshow_0068.mp3
---

###"Uncle Bob" Martin

 - [cleancoders.com](http://cleancoders.com)
 - [@unclebobmartin](http://twitter.com/unclebobmartin)

###Danny D Warren

 - [@dannydwarren](https://twitter.com/dannydwarren)
 - [GitHub](https://github.com/dannydwarren)
 - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dannydwarren)
 
###Ethan Dobbs

###Brandon Martinez

 - [brandonmartinez.com](http://www.brandonmartinez.com/)
 - [martinezmedia.net](http://www.martinezmedia.net/)
 - [@brandonmartinez](https://twitter.com/brandonmartinez)

###Clark Sell

 - [ThatConference.com](http://thatconference.com/)
 - [@csell5](https://twitter.com/csell5)

###Keith Casey

 - [@caseysoftware](https://twitter.com/caseysoftware)
 - [clarify.io](http://clarify.io/)
 - [Austin API](http://www.meetup.com/Austin-Homegrown-API/)
 - [caseysoftware.com](http://caseysoftware.com/)

###Alan Mendelevich

 - [@ailon](https://twitter.com/ailon)
 - [blog](http://blog.ailon.org/)
 - [adduplex.com](http://adduplex.com/) 

###Tugberk

 - [tugberkugurlu.com](http://www.tugberkugurlu.com/)
 - [@tourismgeek](https://twitter.com/tourismgeek)
 - [GitHub](https://github.com/tugberkugurlu)

###Webclipse

 - [WebClipse](http://www.genuitec.com/products/webclipse/)
 - [Genuitec](https://www.genuitec.com/)

Commit message:

Added thanks to that conference

src/render/2015/08/live-from-that-conference/index.html.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: Live from That Conference
date: 2015-08-14
audioUrl: http://traffic.libsyn.com/msdevshow/msdevshow_0068.mp3
---

We'd really like to extend our deepest thanks to Clark, Greg and *ALL* of the [ThatConference](https://www.thatconference.com/) staff, for providing us with an enhanced recording area. We couldn't get the great interviews for you without their great generosity and friendship, and we look forward to joining them again next year Aug 8, 2016 to Aug 10, 2016.

###"Uncle Bob" Martin

 - [cleancoders.com](http://cleancoders.com)
 - [@unclebobmartin](http://twitter.com/unclebobmartin)

###Danny D Warren

 - [@dannydwarren](https://twitter.com/dannydwarren)
 - [GitHub](https://github.com/dannydwarren)
 - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dannydwarren)
 
###Ethan Dobbs

###Brandon Martinez

 - [brandonmartinez.com](http://www.brandonmartinez.com/)
 - [martinezmedia.net](http://www.martinezmedia.net/)
 - [@brandonmartinez](https://twitter.com/brandonmartinez)

###Clark Sell

 - [ThatConference.com](http://thatconference.com/)
 - [@csell5](https://twitter.com/csell5)

###Keith Casey

 - [@caseysoftware](https://twitter.com/caseysoftware)
 - [clarify.io](http://clarify.io/)
 - [Austin API](http://www.meetup.com/Austin-Homegrown-API/)
 - [caseysoftware.com](http://caseysoftware.com/)

###Alan Mendelevich

 - [@ailon](https://twitter.com/ailon)
 - [blog](http://blog.ailon.org/)
 - [adduplex.com](http://adduplex.com/) 

###Tugberk

 - [tugberkugurlu.com](http://www.tugberkugurlu.com/)
 - [@tourismgeek](https://twitter.com/tourismgeek)
 - [GitHub](https://github.com/tugberkugurlu)

###Webclipse

 - [WebClipse](http://www.genuitec.com/products/webclipse/)
 - [Genuitec](https://www.genuitec.com/)
