src/render/guest/audio-instructions/index.html.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Guest Audio Setup Instructions
enablePageComments: false 
---

We want you to sound as amazing as possible. Recording your own audio track will **significantly** increase the audio quality of your episode. It takes only seconds to set up with a free tool called Audacity.

### Before/During the Show

1. [Download Audacity from here](http://audacity.sourceforge.net/download/). Don't worry, it's free and a small download.
1. In Audacity, select your microphone, switch to mono, and press the record button.

	![Audacity Setup](audacity-setup.png)

### After the Show

1. Hit the *Stop* button.
1. File->Export Audio...
 
	![Export Audio Menu Item](export-audio-menu.png)

1. Be sure to select **FLAC** as the file type. Name the file anything you like.

	![Export Audio File Name](export-audio-file.png)

1. No metadata is needed, just hit OK.
 
	![Export Audio Metadata](export-audio-metadata.png)

1. Upload the file to Dropbox, OneDrive, or your file sharing service of choice. The file should be somewhere between 100-200mb for a typical episode.
1. Send the link to [feedback@msdevshow.com](mailto:feedback@msdevshow.com)


### FAQ

* **What if I'm unsure which microphone is correct?** Do a test recording before the show, and tap on the mic you're using. Listen to the recording. Be sure to discard that track before recording for the show

Commit message:

instruction improvements and upload link added

src/render/guest/audio-instructions/index.html.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Guest Audio Setup Instructions
enablePageComments: false 
---

We want you to sound as amazing as possible. Recording your own audio track will **significantly** increase the audio quality of your episode. It takes only seconds to set up with a free tool called Audacity.

(we also have backups on our end, so no need to stress)

### Before/During the Show

1. [Download Audacity from here](http://sourceforge.net/projects/audacity/files/latest/download). Don't worry, it's free and a small (24mb) download.
1. In Audacity, select your microphone, switch to mono, and press the record button.

	![Audacity Setup](audacity-setup.png)

### After the Show

1. Hit the *Stop* button.
1. File->Export Audio...
 
	![Export Audio Menu Item](export-audio-menu.png)

1. Be sure to select **FLAC** as the file type. Name the file anything you like.

	![Export Audio File Name](export-audio-file.png)

1. No metadata is needed, just hit OK.
 
	![Export Audio Metadata](export-audio-metadata.png)

1. [Upload your file here](https://www.dropbox.com/request/CIWOjfTp9acewREsCrBI), or just put it somewhere we can get it.

### FAQ

* **What if I'm unsure which microphone is correct?** Do a test recording before the show, and tap on the mic you're using. Listen to the recording. Be sure to discard that track before recording for the show
